PROS:
the game is perfect and always does well It is fast the game is awesome, fun and has a lot of fun
You have to choose from 3 different types of items to get the best car ride. 2. You can use objects and other things to get the best
It's very easy to navigate. I like it, it's the best. 2. It's very easy to go places. I love it
Key negative features: 1. It is very easy to play
The game is very simple and you can play all your characters at once. 2. You have tons of customization options. 3. There are lots of
It is not a free game. 2. There are no ads. 3. There are no "rewards". 4. There is very little story
The level design is excellent. If you have your way and you have a sense of humor then this game will get you through a lot
The game is really easy to play. 2. You have to try different ways to play it. 3. The story is a good one
There's a lot
You can play with two characters. 2. You can play with a large number of characters. 3. You can play with a huge number of environments
It's a great challenge to get your head around
Easy to load, a good level editor, the art style is pretty good and the story is pretty good. 2. Playable with both friends and
You can play with your friends. 2. There is a way to record the game so you can replay it. 3. You can watch your friends
It is very easy to play
Easy and engaging game 2. Beautiful graphics 3. Beautiful music 4. Beautiful puzzle 5. Easy way to play 6. Awesome graphics. 7. Highly
I love the animations. I'm a big fan of the game. 2. I love the way you can change the look of your characters and pets
You can choose to save the game on the PS3 or go to the dedicated download menu. 2. When you save your game, it will download
It's quick with the screen of your phone. 2. It's very simple and easy to use. 3. It has a very good battery life
Every game is fun, i like to play with my friends and play with them. 2. I like to play with my friends and play with them
It's a great experience for finding new characters (and lots of them) with the help of the music. 2. There's a lot of fun
The graphics are good, the sound is good, the music is good. 2. The game feels like Sonic the Hedgehog 2, the same as
Beautiful graphics, 2. Amazing sound effects, 3. Hard to find a nice price for this game, 4. It's a must have game because
Easy to learn, but I can learn it quickly
It has a very useful and user friendly program for you, if you are looking for an app to help manage your accounts, this app is definitely for
Key good
You can play as many as 5 characters. 2. You can choose from seven different characters. 3. You can join or leave the game
It is a fun game, it is a great game and I don't regret having it. 2. I would recommend it to anyone, it's
No ads, no annoying ads, no stupid annoying ads. 2. No annoying ads, no stupid annoying ads. 3. No annoying ads, no
The emulators are easy to use. 2. The emulator seems to work quite well. 3. The game is really simple and enjoyable
The game is fun & easy to learn. The learning curve is easy, just copy designs that beat you. I like customization built into the game
you can buy your new phone on Amazon at the same time as your old one. You can buy it at a few places like Amazon or eBay
The arcade game is so good. 2. It's fun to learn. 3, and the game is fun to play. 4, the game is
The game is extremely well done 2. The game is challenging, the puzzles are fun, you can win and lose, the game is very easy and
It's easy to get stuck in music
The game is very easy to play. 2. I am a fan of the game. 3. The graphics are brilliant. 4. The game is
it's not just a game for kids, it's also a game for adults! 2. it's not just a game for adults, it's
A great game with great graphics, 1. The idea is to get in a 2nd division match and have a good match. 2. The game
You can play the game on your own. 2. You can play with friends. 3. 3ds Max is a huge hit. 4. It
Completely free for the first 5 or 6 chapters. 2. The game takes a lot of practice and fun to play. 3. A lot of
It really is addicting and i think the graphics are great 2. It is fun, it is simple, it works really well 3. It has
It runs smoothly on all Android devices. 2. It is free to play. 3. More than one way to play. 4. You can also
You are a girl. 2. You are a girl. 3. You are a girl. 4. You are a girl. 5. You are
Overall: 9/
It can take a lot of time to complete it in 2. It was a fun game, but you really needed to do it on your own time
It has 2 levels that you can complete for a money bonus of 100 coins. That's a lot of coins to get, but it does give you
I have been playing this on my Android phone for a
It is a fun game with lots of fun. 2. It works like a charm. It keeps me on my toes and I love playing it
The penguin is cute and the penguin is adorable. 2. The game is well balanced and easy to learn. 3. The penguin is
All the controls are intuitive and easy to use. 2. The game is fun and addictive. 3. The art style is good and the music is
Good design and design is what make it a good game. 2. The game can be challenging and challenge but it's hard to get bored
I was able to get all the items and the items with the boosters being different from the previous game, 2. It was amazing how much i got
you can shoot lasers, lasers are nice to use, you can jump, you can dodge, you can kill zombies, you can get hit, you
Easy to master by playing the game and then you can play it offline. 2. Great for playing games that require you to understand your game
A very satisfying fighting game with great puzzles and well balanced level design. 2. A very addicting, great score. 3. A really entertaining game
You can play as anyone or any character. 2. You can play with friends or with your friends. 3. You can share content with other players
No "double touch" button. 2. Easy to use and play. 3. You'll always be able to see the ball if you pull it
It is very easy to get a prize. 2. It has a nice touch to it
The one thing I really hate about this game
No-one is going to leave the game without having found a way to win
Great mechanics 2. Interesting and fun gameplay. 3. Unique and difficult to beat 4. Good graphics. 5. Good multiplayer. 6. Well done
It helps you to develop a more focused and focused mind, 2. It helps you to make better use of your mind and body. This is an
The characters, 2. They are a really cute chibi like art style 1. The characters, 3. They are a really cute chibi like
The game has a good story, and an interesting story to tell. 2. The game is easy to learn and interesting. I didn't find the
A very good game with a lot of new weapons to destroy Buddy. 2. You can still destroy Buddy. 3. All of the new weapons that
There is a huge amount of gameplay to choose from. The game is packed with the best. 2. The game has a lot of features to choose
You can skip the game by pressing the B button,2. You can save the game and play using the right stick,3. You can delete
Great graphics. 2. No lag in the background. 3. You can get your gear out of the game at any time. 4. A really
It is completely free and very addicting! 2. It has a very nice color palette and it is pretty well designed. 3. It has all
Beautiful graphics and a great character. 2. Well written story and a cool story is all it's really needed. 3. Beautiful art style
Download the game. 2. Play on your phone. 3. Enjoy the game

CONS:
Your ship is not ready for the play. You can start the game at any time and still be stuck, and it will fail, but not if
I had to manually update all levels to 100 because of the ads. 2. I had to manually update every level in the game. I also had
You can't save to the main menu
No screenshots. 2. No screenshots. 3. No screenshots. Gameplay: I'm a huge fan of the original and played about 40 hours of
It's extremely confusing. 2. It's very hard to play the game. 3. It's so hard to run the ad. 4. It
The camera is so blurry that the screen is only 3 inches from the screen of the game. 2. The controller is really bad and feels like it
the game does not have a ton of features. 2. the game is very buggy. 3. the game is too much like some other games that
The only ads in the game
there are literally no reviews, you only get one if you buy something in the first place 2. there are a lot of them in the game
The game doesn't have any music. I am a big fan of the intro music, but the music is so boring (especially on the first couple
Only the first 2 games on the list are available as a single download... 2. The download speeds of the games are slow..3. Even though
Ads are not going to connect to your game and in order to get you to play the game you have to be online. 2. The players are
The game ends in a draw. 2. The game continues to move forward but the game ends with a draw. 3. The game doesn't end
This could happen to anyone. So I've tried my best to avoid this issue.2. I've started a new account and am using the app
there's no way to earn money from this game (I've tried all the games I can think of for money, but never even had any idea
You need a weapon that can hit your targets. 2. You only get two rounds per round. 3. You don't have a long range weapon
The game is a mess. 2. The game doesn't have any quests. The quests aren't very meaningful. 3. The game is very easy
The game is very easy to learn, and if you can't read the game you just need to play the game. 2. The game is not
The ads just don't do what they should be. 2. They are boring. 3. It's too much. 4. Ads can be annoying
No new maps. 2. I just like to see real 2d maps. 3. I hate that the game just takes too long
In the story of the story I've gotten super high level cards and I got 2 stars and got a 3 star level. I don't understand why
There are a
It's really buggy. 2. It's so short that you end up losing to a gank. I've played it 2 times and it was
The game freezes when you double click it. 2. The game does not take you to the correct location. 3. The game freezes while you play
The world is filled with junk. 2. The level is too big and over all very boring. 3. The level system is bad
The app is not very accurate on the iPhone, 2. It is not very easy to navigate the menu, 3. The game is just very easy
I want to play the game again but I can't. 2. I want to play a few more levels, but I just don't get the
It's a really short, weird story. It's not a real game. 2. It's weird. 3. I don't know how to
The game is very slow. 2. The difficulty was so high that you could not play the entire game. 3. You can't play through all
Not enough time to watch videos and not enough time to see content. 2. Not enough time to view content, too much scrolling. 3. Not
I was unable to connect to my phone when playing the game. 2. I was unable to use the app to access my phone when playing the game
There is a lot to do, and very little to do is done. 2. The game is poorly designed. 3. There is very little to
No way to play with my friends. 2. No way to play with friends. 3. No way to play with friends
It is not compatible with most mobile phones
no ads, 2. no in-app purchase, 3. no in-game purchasing, 4. no in-app upgrade, 5. no
the player selection screen is very narrow 2. your inventory is limited and you have to choose which item to equip 3. the game freezes if you press
There are a lot more choices to make. 2. If you're playing a game that you would like to play but still like to play the game
The game is not easy to load. 2. It is not compatible with any other Android devices. 3. It is not compatible with any other mobile
Score:
Your score is not accurate. 2. The game is not good enough. 3. It has a hard-hitting game mechanic that can put you in
The animation of the character is not smooth. 2. The game is hard to remember the exact number of times the character was in motion
It doesn't let you choose your ship. 2. You have to start from scratch and don't have any ships. 3. You can't start
You
It's not as easy to use as you'd hope. You can't just swipe or swipe to jump. 2. It's not as intuitive to
The game is really not a game. 2. The game is quite buggy. 3. The game is very, very repetitive
The music is terrible. 2. The game is too slow or too slow. 3. The gameplay is really boring. When I play, I get
I have tried the upload button only once, and it has to be clicked once or twice. 2. I have heard that you could send it to
I am not sure if I am being fair to someone because I am not sure which game my playing in. 2. I am not sure how it
Ads are so disruptive and constant that it makes it unplayable. Every level is followed by an ad, some you can't skip, and the
No way to earn points, especially in the first few levels. 2. There are so many problems, that it's hard to play without crashing
It works great, but it's just not as fun as I thought. 2. The ad doesn't open or close, what kind of ad do
It is a PS4 version only. You can download the game from here. 2. It is a PS3 version only. You can download the
The game is not very addictive 2. It's a little hard to play 3. It's a pretty bad game 4. I don't understand why
It's very long. 2. It's not fast. Really, it's not at all fast. 3. It's not great
There are only four ads in the game
Stars for the first time. So what can I say? This
Game isn't properly designed. 2. Some of the levels aren't as good as they should have been. 3. There's no way to buy
It's a 2D action adventure with no story, so it's very difficult to get a feel for the whole story. 2. It's a
It's just a simple game. 2. It's not that bad
No-one can hear the sound of your voice. 2. No-one can hear the sound of your voice. 3. No-one can
You have to open the game to find the "Save" button
not getting the game back and I have to download it from my computer 2. no one has the game in my pocket 3. no one has the
No audio. This is a game with audio. I have just played a few minutes of the game. It doesn't sound like the music is good
The ad is absolutely terrible. 2. There is no mention of your character name, so you are always referred to as Mr. Robo and you always
All the bots that can't be attacked will disappear when they are defeated. 2. If you don't have enough money to buy a new robot
There were absolutely no controls for when I was playing this game. This was the first time I had ever been able to control my game
: I could not get the coins that I had in the previous run. I have been using the game for a year and still cannot
The controls are sluggish and not very good. 2. The sound effect is dull and muffled. 3. No sound until you press the button on
You can't select what game you want to play... 2. You can't run over things... 3. You can't find anything